Hiii How to make the paragraph symbol (§) on your keyboard
font size  
How to make the paragraph symbol (§) on your keyboard
You are writing an long article and want to organize your text in paragraph but cannot find the symbol? Just make a very simple key combination on your keyboard. Here is the procedure to follow on your keyboard :

Make the "Paragraph" symbol : Alt + 0 1 6 7
The technique : You keep the Alt key pressed (the key to the left of your Space bar), then you successively type the numbers 0 1 6 7 , then you finally release the Alt key, which will bring up the “ Paragraph ” symbol: §

If you can't manage to realize the combination, don't hesitate to copy-paste the symbol you find on this page at your desired location.


 
Troubleshooting
" I don't have a numeric keypad on my keyboard, what should I do? "
If you don't have a numeric keypad on your keyboard, make sure you have activated the function Num Lock . If not, press the Fn + button  Num Lock.

If you do not have the function  Num Lock on your keyboard, try first pressing the key  Fn and then performing the combination with Alt described in the previous paragraph.

If you still can't do it, don't hesitate to copy and paste the symbol from this article to the location of your choice.
"I have a Mac / Macbook / Apple computer"
If you have a Mac / Apple keyboard, the technique is the same. The Alt ⌥ key can also be called  Option ⌥ but it is always the key just to the left of the Space bar.


 
Rate this item12345(8 votes)
Published in Internet
Latest from Zesolution.com
How to lock your computer on Windows / Mac
How to make the cross † (dagger) and double cross ‡ (double dagger) on your keyboard
How to make the middle dot (·) on your keyboard
How to make the spanish inverted interrogation mark (¿) on your keyboard
How to make the spanish inverted exclamation mark (¡) on your keyboard
More in this category: « How to make the "diameter" symbol Ø (crossed out O) How to make the degree (°) symbol on the keyboard »
back to top
Type in your search

 
Welcome to conflicts
How to open two windows or two documents side by side
How to retrieve closed tabs on Chrome
How to screw and unscrew a screw
How to make the symbol "three quarters" (¾) on your keyboard
How to make the symbol "a quarter" (¼) on your keyboa
